---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- From:    australia
-- Media:   CC by 3.0/CC BY-SA 3.0/WTFPL
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

unilib_bucket_water_river_muddy_overlay.png
    Adapted from aus_bucket_muddy_water.png
unilib_fern_ground_ruddy.png
    Adapted from aus_fern_mid.png
unilib_fern_sickle.png
    Adapted from aus_fern.png
unilib_moss_antipodean.png
    Adapted from plantlife, /trunks/textures/trunks_moss.png
    Media: CC-by-SA 4.0
unilib_moss_antipodean_with_fungus.png
    Adapted from plantlife, /trunks/textures/trunks_moss_fungus.png
    Media: CC-by-SA 4.0
unilib_tree_acacia_shoestring_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_acacia_sapling.png
unilib_tree_banksia_bull_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_banksia_sapling.png
unilib_tree_banksia_coast_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_banksia_sapling.png
unilib_tree_bloodwood_swamp_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_bottlebrush_red_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_melaleuca_sapling.png
unilib_tree_box_black_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_box_cloncurry_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_box_white_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_cherry_australian_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_berry_sapling.png
unilib_tree_coolabah_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_eucalyptus_lemon_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_gum_blue_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_gum_river_red_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_gum_scribbly_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_gum_snow_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_gum_sugar_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_gum_swamp_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_jarrah_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_karri_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_lilly_pilly_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_berry_sapling.png
unilib_tree_mangrove_grey_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_mangrove_sapling.png
unilib_tree_mangrove_stilted_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_mangrove_sapling.png
unilib_tree_marri_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_mulga_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_acacia_sapling.png
unilib_tree_myrtle_lemon_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_myrtle_sapling.png
unilib_tree_myrtle_tasmanian_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_myrtle_sapling.png
unilib_tree_oak_desert_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_acacia_sapling.png
unilib_tree_oak_river_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_acacia_sapling.png
unilib_tree_paperbark_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_melaleuca_sapling.png
unilib_tree_paperbark_swamp_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_melaleuca_sapling.png
unilib_tree_pine_celerytop_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_pine_sapling.png
unilib_tree_pine_huon_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_pine_sapling.png
unilib_tree_pine_rottnest_island_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_pine_sapling.png
unilib_tree_sassafras_southern_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_pine_sapling.png
unilib_tree_stringybark_daintree_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
unilib_tree_tea_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_melaleuca_sapling.png
unilib_tree_wattle_black_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_acacia_sapling.png
unilib_tree_wattle_golden_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_acacia_sapling.png
unilib_tree_wirewood_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_acacia_sapling.png
unilib_tree_woollybutt_darwin_sapling.png
    Adapted from aus_eucalyptus_sapling.png
