---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-- From:    minetest_game/default
-- Media:   CC BY-SA 3.0
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

unilib_furniture_shelf_bookshelf_overlay.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_bookshelf.png
unilib_grass_marram_african_1.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_1.png
unilib_grass_marram_african_2.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_2.png
unilib_grass_marram_african_3.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_3.png
unilib_grass_marram_american_1.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_1.png
unilib_grass_marram_american_2.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_2.png
unilib_grass_marram_american_3.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_3.png
unilib_grass_marram_baltic_1.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_1.png
unilib_grass_marram_baltic_2.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_2.png
unilib_grass_marram_baltic_3.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_3.png
unilib_grass_marram_european_1.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_1.png
unilib_grass_marram_european_2.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_2.png
unilib_grass_marram_european_3.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_marram_grass_3.png
unilib_ladder_wood_ordinary.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_ladder_wood.png
unilib_mineral_diamond_lump.png
    Original to unilib
    Media: CC BY-SA 3.0
unilib_moss_black_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_black_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_blue_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_blue_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_brown_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_brown_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_cyan_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_cyan_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_green_dark_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_green_dark_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_grey_dark_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_grey_dark_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_grey_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_grey_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_magenta_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_magenta_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_orange_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_orange_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_pink_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_pink_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_red_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_red_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_violet_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_violet_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_white_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_white_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
unilib_moss_yellow_side.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss_side.png
unilib_moss_yellow_top.png
    Adapted from /textures/default_moss.png
